Syrus: ONCE YOU SEE
MY SUBMARINEROID'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
YOU'RE GONNA WISH
YOU NEVER CHALLENGED ME!
WHAT KINDA
SPECIAL ABILITY
ARE WE TALKIN' HERE?
SO GLAD YOU ASKED!
IT CAN ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
EH!
AAH!
THAT'S GAME.
SO WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU,
TRUESDALE?
LAST WEEK, YOU WERE
HIDING IN GARBAGE CANS!
NOW YOU'RE KICKING BUTT!
WHAT CHANGED, MAN?
NOTHING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"NOTHING CHANGED"?
NOW YOU'VE GOT SOMETHING
TO FIGHT FOR.
THAT'S WHAT CHANGED.
YOU'VE BEEN
WINNING DUELS
AND TAKING NAMES!
AND GX MEDALS.
THANKS, JAY,
BUT I'M STILL NOT
GOOD ENOUGH YET.
COME ON, SY.
HOW DO YA KNOW?
I MEAN...YOU HAVE TO
FACE ZANE EVENTUALLY.
AND BESIDES,
THERE'S NO "RIGHT TIME"
TO DUEL YOUR BROTHER.
YA KNOW?
BUT WHAT IF I LOSE?
REMEMBER THAT
POWER BOND CARD
ZANE GAME ME?
WELL, THERE'S A REASON
IT'S NOT IN MY DECK.
YOU SEE...
I'M NOT READY FOR IT.
I HAVE TO FEEL LIKE
I'M GOOD ENOUGH ON MY OWN.
THEN I'LL ADD IT TO MY DECK
AND TAKE ON ZANE!
Hassleberry:
HEY, SOLDIERS!
WE GOT TROUBLE!
ZANE AND ASTER JUST BUMPED
SHOULDERS IN THE COURTYARD,
AND IT'S ABOUT TO GET UGLY!
A MAJOR BATTLE'S
ABOUT TO GO DOWN!
[GASP]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Aster: SO WHAT'S UP WITH
THE NEW GOTH LOOK, TRUESDALE?
DON'T TELL ME THAT YOU'VE
RESORTED TO SCARING YOUR
OPPONENTS INTO DEFEAT?
OR ARE YOU JUST DEPRESSED
THAT I BEAT YOU ON TV?
WANT REVENGE?
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE.
WHATEVER.
SHOULD I TAKE THAT
AS A "YES"?
Syrus: BREAK IT UP!
BOTH OF YOU GET BACK TO
YOUR CORNERS AND CHILL OUT!
ASTER, LISTEN!
YOU CAN'T GO THROUGH
WITH THIS DUEL.
ZANE'S NOT WHO
HE USED TO BE.
LOOK AT HIM.
HE WANTS REVENGE,
AND HE MEANS BUSINESS.
UH, GUESS AGAIN.
HUH?
REVENGE?
HE DOESN'T WANT REVENGE.
I MEAN, I'VE BEEN
TALKING TRASH FOR,
LIKE, 10 MINUTES,
AND YOUR BROTHER
WON'T EVEN TAKE THE BAIT.
IF THAT'S TRUE,
THEN WHAT IS IT
YOU WANT, ZANE?
HE JUST WANTS TO WIN,
AND HE DOESN'T REALLY CARE
WHO HE HAS TO STEP ON.
ACCORDING TO
YOUR BROTHER,
ALL HE REALLY CARES ABOUT
IS VICTORY!
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU PEOPLE ARE
ALL THE SAME TO ME:
A BUNCH OF
WORTHLESS MAGGOTS.
[GASP]
Jaden:
WELL, THAT SETTLES IT.
WHAT DO YA MEAN
BY THAT?
YEAH, JAY.
IT'S SIMPLE.
YOU HAVE TEACH HIM
THE MEANING OF RESPECT,
SYRUS.
IN OTHER WORDS,
I THINK IT'S TIME
YOU FACED YOUR BROTHER
IN A DUEL!
YOU CAN'T KEEP
PUTTING THIS OFF.
I KNOW THAT
YOU DON'T THINK
YOU'RE READY YET,
BUT YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN READY.
THANKS, JADEN.
ALL RIGHT, ZANE!
I'M DUELING YOU
TO A CHALLENGE!
WHAT I MEAN IS,
I'M CHALLENGING YOU
TO A DUEL, BRO!
IT'S YOUR FUNERAL,
LITTLE MAN.
BUT IF YOU
ARE SERIOUS
ABOUT GOING THROUGH
WITH THIS,
THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO
ENTER MY WORLD!
THESE MAKE THE DUEL
MORE ELECTRIFYING.
[GASP]
[SCREAMING]
EVERY LIFE POINT LOST
IS A SHOCK TO THE SYSTEM!
MEET THE NEW ME.
THANKS TO DUELS LIKE THIS,
YOUR BROTHER WAS REBORN.
UH...HAPPY BIRTHDAY?
WHAT'LL IT BE?
YOU GONNA MEET ME
IN THE SHADOWS
OR NOT?
Jaden: HEY, UH, SY?
ABOUT THAT SPEECH
I JUST GAVE YOU--
NOT ONLY WILL I
MEET YOU THERE,
BUT I'LL BRING YOU BACK!
Hassleberry:
YOU CAN STILL RETREAT!
IT'S HIS DECISION,
HASSLEBERRY.
I GUESS.
JUST CHILL, BRO.
IF ANYTHING HAPPENS,
WE'RE RIGHT HERE.
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
THANKS, JADEN.
I'VE BEEN WAITING
A LONG TIME FOR THIS,
ZANE.
GAME ON!
I MAY ACTUALLY ENJOY MYSELF!
AND I'LL START WITH THIS!
MY INFERNAL DRAGON
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND LET YOU OFF THE HOOK.
NO DEFENSE POINTS?
BUT THEN WHY
WOULD HE PUT THAT THING
IN DEFENSE MODE?
Syrus:
TIME FOR A REAL MOVE!
TO START,
I'LL SUMMON THIS!
MY TRUCKROID!
Zane: NICE TOY.
DIDN'T YOU HAVE ONE
JUST LIKE THAT
WHEN YOU WERE
IN DIAPERS?
AH...MAYBE.
ANYWAY,
BRACE YOURSELF!
'CAUSE MY TRUCKROID'S
GONNA RUN YOU DOWN!
NOW TRUCKROID'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
KICKS IN!
I KNOW YOU WANT
YOUR DRAGON
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
BUT NO SUCH LUCK!
'CAUSE HE'S COMBINING
WITH MY TRUCKROID
INSTEAD!
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN
KEEPING AN EYE ON MY DUELS,
LITTLE BROTHER?
LONG ENOUGH TO KNOW
YOU'VE GOT THAT
UNDERWORLD DECK
AND YOU NEED MONSTERS
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD.
YOU'LL STILL LOSE,
TWERP.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT,
ZANE!
I END MY TURN.
LET THE DESTRUCTION
BEGIN!
I PLAY...
EXPLODER DRAGON!
ATTACK HIS TRUCKROID
WITH CANNONBALL CLASH!
BUT WHY WOULD HE ATTACK?
HIS MONSTER'S WEAKER
THAN MINE!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO TRUCKROID?!
LOOKS LIKE IT'S GONE.
I GUESS I SHOULD OF WARNED YOU
ABOUT MY DRAGON'S SPECIAL
ABILITY.
WHEN IT ATTACKS,
BOTH MONSTERS
ARE INSTANTLY DESTROYED.
MOVING ON,
I PLAY QUICK SUMMON!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO INSTANTLY
SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER!
SO NOW,
MEET CYBER DARK HORN!
AW, MAN!
WHEN YOU SENT
MY TRUCKROID
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOUR INFERNAL DRAGON
WENT THERE
ALONG WITH HIM!
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND BY
YOUR WHIMPERING TONE,
I TAKE IT YOU KNOW
THAT WHEN CYBER DARK HORN
IS SUMMONED,
IT CAN BRING BACK A DRAGON
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND ABSORB
ITS ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW, DARK HORN,
ATTACK THAT RUNT DIRECTLY!
[ALL GASP]
YOU TRIGGERED
MY TRAP CARD!
IT'S CALLED LIFE FORCE,
AND ONCE I PAY
400 POINTS,
I CAN CANCEL OUT
YOUR ATTACK!
MAYBE, BUT YOU'LL STILL
FEEL THE PAIN
OF THE POINTS
YOU SACRIFICED!
[GASP]
[SCREAMING]
I'M BEGINNING TO SEE
YOUR STRATEGY NOW.
YOU'VE STACKED YOUR DECK
WITH CARDS THAT HELP
REDUCE BATTLE DAMAGE.
BUT AS YOU SEE,
EVEN THEY COME WITH A PRICE.
THE PAIN
ISN'T TOO MUCH, IS IT?
TELL ME, SY,
HOW LONG CAN YOU LAST
BEFORE YOU FALL?
[GRUNTING]
BY THE LOOKS OF YOU,
I'D SAY NOT TOO MUCH LONGER.
BUT THAT'S NO SURPRISE.
GUESS AGAIN.
I'LL BE FINE!
WATCH THIS!
I PLAY SUBMARINEROID!
AND THANKS
TO ITS EFFECT,
SUBMARINEROID'S
ABLE TO SNEAK PAST
YOUR MONSTERS!
AND THEN,
IT'S IN PRIME POSITION
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
NOW LAUNCH
YOUR SUBTERRANEAN
SNEAK ATTACK!
LET'S SEE
HOW YOU LIKE IT!
DIDN'T THAT HURT?
[GROAN]
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
I SWITCH HIM TO DEFENSE,
PLACE THIS FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'S ALL.
IT'S FUNNY.
AFTER A WHILE,
YOU ACTUALLY
GET USED TO THE PAIN.
EVENTUALLY,
IT NO LONGER HURTS, SY.
IN FACT, IT BEGINS
TO MAKE YOU FEEL STRONGER.
I DON'T THINK OF IT
AS ANGUISH ANYMORE.
NOW I THINK OF IT
AS THE FEELING OF VICTORY!
AND SPEAKING OF VICTORY,
I SUMMON
CYBER DARK EDGE!
IT PULLS MY EXPLODER DRAGON
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
AND ABSORBS
ITS POWER!
NOW, CYBER DARK HORN,
DESTROY SUBMARINEROID!
NOT IF I PLAY THIS!
CYBER REPAIRER!
IT LETS YOU DRAW
ONE MORE CARD
FROM YOUR DECK.
IN RETURN,
SUBMARINEROID'S
INVINCIBLE!
WELL, AT LEAST
DURING THIS TURN.
YOU SPARED YOUR MONSTER.
HOWEVER,
YOU AREN'T SO LUCKY.
YOU SEE,
DARK HORN HAS MORE POINTS,
WHICH LOWERS
YOUR SCORE, BRO.
BUT IF I PLAY
LIFE FORCE,
ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS GIVE UP A FEW POINTS,
AND THE BATTLE DAMAGE
IS ZERO!
BUT STILL,
YOU'LL TASTE THE PAIN.
[SCREAMING]
AND THERE'S MORE.
DARK EDGE
HAS A SPECIAL ABILITY.
BY DROPPING
HALF IT'S POINTS,
IT CAN ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
GO, LIFE FORCE!
I GUESS YOU'VE
BEEN THROUGH ENOUGH--
WELL, FOR NOW.
OH, MAN. THIS IS NUTS!
ZANE'S TAKEN THIS DUEL
TOO FAR!
Syrus: WHAT ARE YOU
THINKING, ZANE?
THIS ISN'T A DUEL.
IT'S SICK!
JUST GIVE IT SOME TIME.
TRUST ME,
WHEN I STARTED DUELING
IN THE UNDERGROUND,
I FELT THE SAME WAY,
BUT THEN I DISCOVERED
THE PLEASURE OF PAIN.
DUELS AREN'T ALL
FUN AND GAMES.
THEY HURT!
THEY'RE ABOUT
ENDURING ANGUISH
AND MAKING
YOUR OPPONENT SUFFER!
YOU DON'T MEAN THAT!
YOU USED TO CARE,
ZANE!
AND YOU USED
TO HAVE RESPECT
FOR YOUR OPPONENTS!
RESPECT IS FOR LOSERS.
NO, IT'S NOT!
I'LL PROVE IT!
YOU JUST WATCH.
MY MOVE!
I PLAY POT OF GREED!
SO I DRAW TWO CARDS!
NEXT,
I SUMMON CYCROID!
THAT'S NOT ALL.
THEN I'LL ADD THIS!
A PAIR OF
TRAINING WHEELS!
[LAUGHING]
LAUGH ALL YOU WANT,
ZANE!
'CAUSE IN A SECOND,
I'LL BE LAUGHING
WHEN IT ATTACKS
YOU DIRECTLY!
AND MY SUBMARINEROID'S
GONNA CAUSE A LITTLE
DAMAGE, TOO!
SO I'M GONNA SWITCH IT
INTO ATTACK MODE!
NOW, SUBMARINEROID
AND CYCROID,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
[GRUNTING]
SUBMARINEROID
GOES INTO DEFENSE.
AND THEN,
CYCROID IS REMOVED
FROM PLAY.
ALL RIGHT, ZANE,
DO YOUR WORST.
YOU BETTER WATCH
WHAT YOU WISH FOR!
I ACTIVATE POT OF GREED!
SO I PICK UP
TWO MORE CARDS.
THEN I PLAY
MY CYBER DARK KEEL!
HOW MANY "CYBER DARK" THINGS
CAN ONE GUY HAVE?!
NOW, CYBER DARK HORN,
ELIMINATE SUBMARINEROID!
LIFE FORCE,
ACTIVATE NOW!
[GASP]
[SCREAMING]
ENJOYING THE PAIN YET?
JUST WAIT,
'CAUSE I'VE GOT MORE!
A DOUBLE DIRECT ATTACK!
LIFE FORCE...
ACTIVATE!
[GASP]
[SCREAMING]
SYRUS!
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND GIVE YOU A SHOT.
ZANE, WHO ARE YOU?
I DON'T KNOW YOU
ANYMORE.
WELL, WHOEVER YOU ARE,
I'M DONE
WITH RESPECTING YOU.
EXCELLENT.
NOW YOU GET IT!
RESPECTING YOUR OPPONENT
IS ABSOLUTELY POINTLESS.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE ONLY VICTORS
DESERVE RESPECT, SY!
AS FOR THE LOSERS,
THEY DESERVE ONLY PAIN!
THE WORLD IS MADE OF HURT.
YOU EITHER GET HURT,
OR YOU CONTROL THE HURT...
AND INFLICT IT
UPON THE WEAK!
YOU SEE THAT NOW,
DON'T YOU?
YOU FEEL IT!
MAYBE...HE'S RIGHT.
Jaden: SYRUS, NO!
IT'S NOT TRUE!
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM!
HE'S WRONG!
FIGHT IT!
AND DON'T FORGET,
ZANE ISN'T HIMSELF!
YOU NEED TO REMIND HIM
ABOUT RESPECT!
RESPECT FOR HIS CARDS,
RESPECT FOR HIS OPPONENT,
AND RESPECT FOR HIMSELF!
GOOD POINT, JAY!
MY MOVE!
HOW DID POWER BOND
GET IN MY DECK?
I HID THAT CARD
IN MY ROOM!
AHA!
Jaden: LET'S JUST SAY
I SORTA STUMBLED ACROSS IT.
BUT I TOLD YOU
I DON'T WANNA
USE THAT CARD
UNTIL I'M READY!
LOOK, I MAY HAVE SHUFFLED IT
INTO YOUR DECK,
BUT I DIDN'T
MAKE YOU DRAW IT!
THAT HAPPENED
BECAUSE YOU'RE READY, SY!
CAN'T YOU SEE?!
THAT CARD CHOSE YOU!
NOW PLAY IT!
AND TEACH YOUR BROTHER
ABOUT RESPECT!
[CHUCKLE]
PLEASE.
HE DOESN'T HAVE THE GUTS.
OH, YEAH?!
WELL, FIRST,
I'LL BRING BACK
MY CYCROID!
AND THEN,
I PLAY MY POWER BOND.
THAT MEANS
ALL I HAVE TO DO NOW
IS SEND TWO CYCROIDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND I CAN FUSE THEM
TO SUMMON PAIR CYCROID!
AND SINCE I PLAYED
POWER BOND,
MY CYCROID'S
ATTACK POINTS
MULTIPLY BY TWO!
THE ONLY DOWNSIDE IS
I HAVE TO GIVE UP
1,600 LIFE POINTS.
AND NOW, CYCROID'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
HA HA!
BY DROPPING 500 POINTS,
IT CAN ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
PAIR CYCROID, ATTACK!
DOUBLE CYCLONE!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
IT'S A CARD
KNOWN AS POWER WALL!
NOW, FOR EVERY CARD
I SEND TO MY GRAVE,
YOU LOSE A HUNDRED POINTS!
AND I'M DITCHING
27 CARDS!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN.
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF.
POWER BOND HAS A PRICE,
AND IT'S A FATAL ONE.
YOU NEED TO GIVE UP
1,600 POINTS,
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
HOW MANY YOU HAVE LEFT!
YOU'RE FORGETTING
SOMETHING.
THAT'S HOW MANY
YOU HAVE, TOO.
AND I PLAY MY TRAP!
MIRROR DAMAGE!
NOW LISTEN UP
'CAUSE THIS GETS
COMPLICATED!
SINCE CYCROID'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE ABOUT TO COME OUT
OF MY LIFE POINTS,
I CAN REFLECT
THAT DAMAGE ON TO YOU!
NICE TRY, ZANE.
YOU PUT UP A GOOD FIGHT,
BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH,
I'M AFRAID!
WE'LL SEE,
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE...
MY FUSION GUARD!
SO ONCE I SEND A FUSION
MONSTER TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I'M SAFE!
AND YOUR TIME'S
JUST ABOUT UP!
YOUR MOVE.
I HAVE ONE CARD LEFT.
YEAH?
ONE CARD,
AND I'LL STILL BEAT YOU.
YOU MIGHT.
YOU MIGHT NOT.
LET'S FIND OUT!
READY!?
I PLAY WARP BEAM!
SO I'LL SELECT TWO MONSTERS
ON MY SIDE OF THE FIELD.
NOW,
WHO SHOULD I CHOOSE?
I THINK I'LL GO WITH
MY CYBER DARK KEEL
AND MY CYBER DARK HORN!
NEXT, ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS SEND TWO MONSTERS
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND THE FUN CAN BEGIN!
DARK KEEL AND DARK HORN'S
ATTACK POWER DECREASES
TO 600,
BUT NOW THEY CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
PLUS, BY CUTTING
ITS ATTACK POINTS IN HALF,
MY DARK EDGE
CAN STRIKE YOU
DIRECTLY AS WELL!
[THINKING]
IF I USE LIFE FORCE
TO SURVIVE
THIS TRIPLE ATTACK,
ZANE'LL HAVE NO CARDS
LEFT, AND I'LL WIN!
THIS IS GONNA HURT YOU
A LOT MORE THAN
IT'S GONNA HURT ME!
I ACTIVATE MY LIFE FORCE!
SO I PAY 400 POINTS
FOR EACH DRAGON...
TO STOP THEM
IN THEIR TRACKS!
[SCREAMING]
STAY STRONG!
YOU'RE HOME FREE!
I DID IT.
NOT QUITE.
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD!
REBIRTH JUDGMENT!
NOW I HAVE THE POWER TO
TRANSFORM EVERY CREATURE
IN OUR GRAVEYARDS
INTO ANY TYPE OF MONSTER
I CHOOSE!
WHICH MEANS...
THEY ALL BECOME DRAGONS!
AND ONE MORE THING.
I ACTIVATE THIS!
MY INSTANT FUSION
SPELL CARD!
I SEND MY HORN,
MY EDGE, AND MY KEEL
TO THE GRAVEYARD
SO I CAN SUMMON
MY CYBER DARK DRAGON!
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY DID YOU NEED
THAT REBIRTH CARD?
HUH, ZANE?
IT'S SIMPLE.
NOW ALL THE MONSTERS
IN MY GRAVEYARD ARE DRAGONS.
SO MY DARK DRAGON
CAN ABSORB ANY OF THEM!
AND I CHOOSE
MY CYBER END DRAGON!
OH, AND ONE MORE THING:
FOR EVERY DRAGON CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
CYBER DARK DRAGON'S
ATTACK STRENGTH INCREASES
BY A HUNDRED POINTS!
AND SINCE I'VE GOT
A TOTAL OF 38 DRAGONS
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK!
[GASP]
OH, MAN.
HE'S GOT 400 POINTS.
SO EVEN IF HE PLAYS
LIFE FORCE,
IT'S OVER.
POOR LIL' GUY.
IT'S BEEN A REAL BLAST!
BUT IT'S TIME
I ENDED THIS DUEL!
CYBER DARK DRAGON,
ATTACK!
I'VE STILL GOT
A FACEDOWN CARD!
SO NOW I ACTIVATE
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS!
SO I'M SAFE!
'CAUSE NOW
ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS SEND ONE OF MY SPELL OR
TRAP CARDS TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND I GAIN A THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS!
SO I'M DISCARDING THIS,
MY MIRROR DAMAGE TRAP!
WHICH MEANS MY CYCROID
GOES WITH IT!
AND THEN,
THANKS TO LIFE FORCE,
YOUR CYBER DRAGON'S
ATTACK DOESN'T DO
ANY DAMAGE!
[YELLING]
OK, THAT HURT.
BUT I DID IT.
DE-FUSION?
BUT THAT MEANS--
IT MEANS I WIN!
JUST LIKE I SAID I WOULD!
WELL, SY, SO LONG!
[SHOUTS]
[ALL GASP]
[SCREAMING]
[CHUCKLES]
[GROAN]
HEY!
SYRUS! YOU OKAY, BRO?
Jaden:
SAY SOMETHING!
I'M FINE.
BUT WHERE'S MY BROTHER?
HE'S GONE.
HE CAN'T BE, NOT YET.
I STILL...OHH.
SYRUS?! WAKE UP, MAN.
SOMEONE HELP!
MY FRIEND
NEEDS A DOCTOR!
PLEASE! HURRY!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪